we sang I think you're wonderful that's
one word you can say wonderful nice word
to say to somebody but my wife Cathy and
we were sitting there writing a song one
day we said maybe people need more words
to use choose from so this is where it
came from
if I wrote down all of my feelings for
you I probably fill up an ocean too but
in the end I decided to list the ABCs of
I think you're a one grade-a beloved and
beautiful capable caring delightful
dependable enjoyable excellent
fascinating fabulous a gift a gem
genuinely generous honest high-grade
impressive and interesting a jewel a
jackpot kind-hearted indicate what
herbal likable marvelous magnificent
naturally nice lot of a kind pleasing
faceless Queen like equality wearing
radiance and lining splendid superb
sensational trustworthy talented tender
and tasteful unique unprecedented era
very valuable worthy welcome
extraordinary exceptional yes yes yes
you you you
you want it as
[Music]
there are actually children sometimes
who learn all the words to this song and
we have one of them here today her name
is Stephanie Stephanie would you come up
and sing this with us okay okay should
we try I
[Music]
[Applause]
okay Stephanie should we try this a
little faster back and forth let's try I
think you're a one grade-a beloved
beautiful enjoyable excellent
fascinating fabulous honest high-grade
impressive and interesting a lot of a
likable marvelous magnificent naturally
nice queen like equality scintillating
splendid superb sensational unique junk
esident very very valuable worthy
welcome exceptional yes yes yes
you you you
yes yes yes you you you you wanna answer
yeah but I'm anybody anybody by yeah
you